Add AI rule in `Ranking Criteria` (#99)
osuTitanic/wiki: wiki/Ranking_Criteria/en.md

- **Difficulties must be at least 30 seconds long.**
- **Maps should use as much of the audio file as reasonably possible.** If you have large portions unmapped, consider cutting the song.
- **Maps must not use decimal settings.** (i.e AR9.3 -> 9)

> - **Maps must be created exclusively with direct human input without the use of any generative tooling.**

Author: ```suggestion
- **Maps must not use any backgrounds, music, or objects made with the use of generative tooling.
```

Reviewer: LGTM
